cool okay hello welcome to the Jas core
deaf team weekly sync on the 6th of
August 2018 if you're here put your name
down on the hackpad
on the attendees list and then I'm gonna
piss that into the church just in case
and she's add your weekly update if you
haven't already would someone take some
notes today
I don't suppose I'll be Minnie I'm
looking first go yeah sweet cool okay so
let's start with a round of updates how
you're doing
welcome to the floor David yes you go
first you're on top of the list all
right a little first thank you and so
right now like last week was a pretty
exciting but intense week we the website
made and a lot a we did a lot of money
talks I did a couple who really is happy
that's what I owe which was awesome if
you haven't tried it please go try it it
gives you your browser superpowers with
service porters and this week is really
for me and trying to help everyone to
like we sing like resets because we
shuffle our prayers so much last week
for last week that I want to make sure
like people really like to get first
things sometime like to just be relaxed
because last week was pertinent project
and we scroll up and I just review the
key results for the quarter see the one
that we have hit so far see the ones
that are missing are we did we notify
things we did at meetings in Berlin and
defects last week that are super
important and we should tell you I take
it on each other like finishing some of
the things that be a long time so so
right now I'm like running through like
the big part of retrospective you might
have seen the issue any open if you
haven't I'll link it here
and then let's do the Miss Parker
retrospective and I grun the like just
like the center like went to next week
at the session as in itself I can just
weekly update actually going through
like everyone scores or like just
wedding people like out put out like
what they think should be their priority
and also like how many days do they have
left in the quarter I know some people
have some holidays plan or some
comprehensive illnesses like we should
really be real about okay if the quarter
I was like twenty days left or thirty
days left
I'm with two old days you actually get
and so trying to project like how many
days you need for each other tasks and I
keep it's more tasks seven days then
they're like let's see the water they
need to get dropped but I did it see for
me any question for me alright alright I
guess you can go next right cool
thank you David sweet I was also at the
tea website and it was pretty awesome
good good lightning talks good
participation around I wasn't able to
get a lab date but I heard it was epic
so yeah I hope they do another so anyway
me what did i do so whilst I was at the
d-word some it managed to release a new
version of our Jess I'm nervous because
there was a issue with the Gateway not
setting a correct content type header
for SVG files so that was that was fixed
and released was fairly easy
I also released a version of GFS API
which adds files dot read pull stream
and read readable stream efforts for the
reading you reading your files from em
FS via streams
yeah and that's about all of the work I
got through um not blocked on anything
at the moment but this week I hope to or
I have been trying to get the IPS that
resolved for requests merged that's I
think really replace now so that's good
and I saw
the man she had sent a pull request to
JYP ifs and IP FSD ctlt to allow it to
use pre-generated private keys or peer
ids which would be great for our tests
because it should speed them up a whole
bunch not actually doing the crypto to
generate pair IDs for each node that we
spawned during the tests I'm going to
try and push them through or help in
whatever way I can to get that that
landed and then so I've also been trying
to make progress on base 32 CID CID be
ones yeah doing a little bit on that
today looking at issues and and
responding and stuff so I'm gonna
continue that the rest of this week and
that is all I have to say unless there
are some questions nice ok cool Thank
You Allen
so Volker is not here he's going to a
meet-up but he says he's done he's done
the D Web Summit and he's going to look
at graphs Inc next so that's cool and
phosphor de présentation preparations so
that's great
cool moving on to Vasco you are next
what's going on hello so if you are also
on the web and PL update it was a hard
week but really awesome
during the DOE week I opted for the in
with final bugs for launching yesterday
factorial and also some minor fixes on
the serviceworker gadget today I managed
finally to it was like five minutes ago
I managed to get FS published and then I
got the best resolved in like a nice
length I'm now just need to refactor it
and probably today I will update my
peers with that
so I'm not currently and for this
week I want to have this full interrupt
PR thread for being refused I also have
to finish the republish of a penis and
the interrupt of the repo I will sync
with Jack okay we'll come back I think
it's only Wednesday because I need to
level this PR thread this week because I
will be on holiday in the next one and I
think it's that for me any question say
happiness what is all from my PFS look
or but I feel where I think that the
path knock for using the DHD will be
pretty fast because I for in order to
have it working
intro probably I had to make some things
that supposedly should be for the DHD
because they when they create in go when
they create public when they polish i
pianist record there you basically
creates immediately the tree records in
the data store which are the local one
and two for the DHD one for the public
key and another one with the entry and
without them I can't have interrupts so
I also need to implement that parts for
the interrupts so it will be even faster
now to get the DHD parts also ready
that's that's right and my
recommendation really do the pub/sub one
first because you might get a lot
problems with HD that you know really
want to think right now like you want to
do the pasta because then even beer
Belvin and others apps can start using
it the tower you rely on observe all
right who use all right yeah that's my
question
cool okay no other questions for Basco
okay moving on
where are we Travis long time no see I
like to see your face
hi so my plan lasts me to get the
updated version of IPP demerged was kind
of stunted because everyone was doing
the web stuff so this week I'm going to
actually get emerged I'm working closely
with Jeremy to get that all renewed it's
quite a big review but it'll be amazing
in the end so I did last week though I
did do a preliminary test with Jace ipfs
and IPPT it actually worked really well
to the point where I actually only had
to change swap out the name of the
binary using from ipfs to Jace ipfs and
pretty much everything just going to
work so that's really exciting means
that it's going to be really easy to get
interrupts in there and it might
influence a little bit away the that
gets plug-in put in works for you maybe
just specify what you know find the
reason so you say it first yes I think
that's everything just gonna works so
yeah so this week I'm gonna I'm gonna
make sure that gets merged in and then
JSI PFS is going to come in really
quickly after that and then I'm gonna
start kind of digging into you probably
not initially this week so I'll kind of
leave it up but browser support is kind
of the downstream from this super
exciting can you record a video yeah AMC
burn ASCII cast or whatever it is don't
turn recording to show it yeah yeah then
it was not clear so are we using the go
ipfs CLI to with the Jessica
testament
yeah yes that's what I was doing I
basically told the to initialize and run
the daemon
with the GSI PFF
stripped and then using ipfs as the the
command execution which works out really
easily because you actually specify when
you actually like run each command you
tell what to use you just say ipfs
versus JSI DFS so yeah that's great
[Music]
that's me great because it's also going
to allow for real easy dough ipfs
suggests ipfs and testing and opt so
it's ya know it's gonna be I'm not too
excited it's gonna be really cool cool
all right nice okay we reached the end
of the people people we have a lurking
Michael Rogers I don't know if you want
to say anything or speak now or don't
I'm working that is true for the school
and great you have been great lab doing
great and everything's looking very good
I'm getting through my emails right now
there's like a day worth of just emails
[Laughter]
nice I question Michael yeah agree was
great and protocool was a big success
and I can't wait to see how that
seductive do you have any more plans to
give it more or less in the next weeks
or are you just like busy with other
things this this month will definitely
be messing with it and then also some
other people are definitely doing some
stuff with it as well also Rob is
working on just talks in general and
then that's gonna give us some good kind
of glossary terms to link back to so
we're figuring out the best way to
integrate that and we're also talking
about like some other lessons and or
just sort of just textual based lessons
to do the introductory parts like maybe
a dad thinks
from the distributed web book or
whatever so looking into all that like
over the next month and then hopefully
it'll be in a good spot and then also
related to that we were working on a
work plan and a hiring plan for a
community manager and one of the things
that they'll be doing is spinning up
this whole community and really pushing
it and so hopefully also by the end of
the month we'll have somebody around and
something like an adapted version of
what node school has for like how to set
up a meet up and all that cool one more
thing I would say also request because
you need that introductory talk to IPL
be on the d web and right now we kind of
like these songs about ideally and like
people really get it so either if you
want to really learn a talk somewhere
else like some modern media or even just
recorded at home so that we can have
that input on the website will be super
useful like I see a lot of times
following Stack Overflow people are like
LD I can discuss that I do I see the
credit I see that I see so having a
little bit more materials even if they
already done it just requires you
recording them would be super useful
I know just an idea I don't want to draw
it forward on you just this is Jerry do
yeah yeah I should talk with Rob too and
see if on his doc site that he's gonna
have like a better sort of primer on IP
LD I'd like to get into that because I
think like it's great to have videos up
and to get those promoted but especially
with the lessons and everything like for
the primers I'd like to have them in
text if at all possible
[Music]
cool any other questions in which case
we are we've reached the end of this
Meetup it's been super fun even though
there's only been five of us here but
that's okay well I guess we'll see each
other next week until then keep on IP FA
thing and yeah bye